All right. So, to make the tree object easier to work with,
we'll wrap it inside our custom Tree class.
So, please complete the functions within the Tree class below, which is here.
But here's a bonus challenge.
Try implementing your own wrapper class for the tree object.
So, here's some hints for if you want to
try to implement this yourself in this cell here.
Think about the attributes that you may need in order to implement algorithm one.
Algorithm one refers to that algorithm that we saw in the paper itself.
For example, how do we know when a node is an internal or a leaf node?
What fraction of samples are in the left child relative to its parent node?
On which node is each feature split on?
So, if you want to try this challenge on your own,
then you can go ahead and stop the video
and work with a notebook and try to implement it yourself.
Otherwise, if you want to work with the starter code and want an intro to it then,
just continue watching until the end of this video.
So, here's some starter code with the constructor.
So, most of these are set for you.
We just want you to implement the function is leaf.
So, it will return true if it's a leaf node.
It will return false if it's an internal node.
Also, implement right child,
which is just returning the right child.
Also, implement proportion of samples in left child,
proportion of samples in the right child.
So, once you're done either way,
continue on to the solution video.